How could you block my right?
Loyalty, you can enter
Is it awesome?
I can see you for real
You are actually a red dust fairy
Red Dust Immortal He is actually Red Dust Immortal
I was yelling at him just now.
Mr. Ye
Who are you?
You don't deserve to know who I am
But since you can see my realm
It's your meteorite.
I will spare you today.
Roll over and tell Ye Quanxian
Just do as I say
Free Ye Yu from death
If he doesn't do it
Three days later, my blood wash was rolling
It's Red Dust Fairy
How could it be the Red Dust Immortal?
He is the Primordial One
What is a mere red dust fairy?
Primordial Supreme
The person I have always looked down on
It turned out to be the unparalleled Supreme Primordial
My subordinates have offended the Supreme Lord many times
Lord Seaview Go